Add ConfigMap to RayJob tutorial (#819)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run_rayjobs.md

- Because Kueue will reserve resources for the RayCluster, `spec.rayClusterSpec.enableInTreeAutoscaling` should be `false`.
- Because a Kueue workload can have a maximum of 8 PodSets, the maximum number of `spec.rayClusterSpec.workerGroupSpecs` is 7.

## Example RayJob

In this example, the code is provided to the Ray framework via a ConfigMap.

```yaml
# rayjob-code-sample.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: ray-job-code-sample
data:
  sample_code.py: |
    import ray
    import os
    import requests

    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    class Counter:
        def __init__(self):
            # Used to verify runtimeEnv
            self.name = os.getenv("counter_name")
            self.counter = 0

        def inc(self):
            self.counter += 1

        def get_counter(self):
            return "{} got {}".format(self.name, self.counter)

    counter = Counter.remote()

    for _ in range(5):
        ray.get(counter.inc.remote())
        print(ray.get(counter.get_counter.remote()))

    print(requests.__version__)
```

The RayJob looks like the following:

```yaml
# sample-ray-job.yaml
apiVersion: ray.io/v1alpha1
kind: RayJob
metadata:

>   generateName: sample-ray-job-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  generateName: ray-job-sample-
```

                    cpu: "1"
```

You can run this RayJob with the following command:

```sh

> kubectl apply -f rayjob-code-sample.yaml
> kubectl create -f sample-ray-job.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# create the code config map (once)
kubectl apply -f ray-job-code-sample.yaml

# create a ray job, this can be run multiple times to observe 
# the serial admission of the jobs.
kubectl create -f ray-job-sample.yaml
```

Author: Done
